critical/downflooding points

universal manipulator
free floating
crosscurves
group vertices together
user definable baseplane

Is there a way you could right click on a developed panel and have a menu pop
up to print all the panels to a .txt file or just that particular panel? As
it stands, you have to write all the #s down from the zoomed screen or print
the drawing and try to decipher the #s from there. Kind of a clunky procedure.
It would also be nice if the individual panels each started at 0,0...so that
you are not trying to read it as if there was a panel between your base lines
and the panel you are trying to draw...like in the development screen. Getting
closer to building a half or quarter scale model from a freeship design.

Steve

2. Axis-lockable points.
It would be great to have a lock for certain axis. If the point's x-axis would
be locked, user could move it in y or z axis but not in x. This would keep the
boat's bottom in zero and help against leaks done when changing the shape of
bottom.
The locking option could be put to the "point window" as a box before or after
the cordinates.

3. Floating, stability calculations
I don't know much about these, but it would be nice to see if the designed boat
would be righting to some degree. This would need addable mass points.
It would also nice to see how the boat would float. Ie mass balance versus current
buoancy.

Small 
? In the hydrostatic calculations add X value where waterline starts. Only length and is given now. For data analysis in Excel it is useful to know exactly where it is located. 
? Show curvature add the following options; longitudinal / transverse / gausian / mean, to provide better even fairing options. (this is more or less comparable to Multisurf)  
? Improve curvature plot. This plot now is often very “bumpy” in certain areas. 
? Window behavior according to windows standard, use_ ? X buttons, instead of non-standard pictograms.  
? Snap settings. Enabling snaps per entity, i.e. faces, curves, points etc… 
? Lock points X / Y / Z independently. Lock complete layers.  
? Add feature to show table with control point’s location. If sorted on X value for example this will in general give a workable tool to edit on a control point level. 
 
 
Large  
? Delft resistance prediction now is 1993 version I assume. Also integrate 1998 version as this is an improved version taking more parameters into account. 
? Add optimization tools / calculations in program. Also in the resitance calculations showing optimal coefficients per speed is useful. Add keel bulb design wizard. Add volume/ weight calculation for keel. 
? Show curvature add the following options; longitudinal / transverse / gausian / mean, to provide better even fairing options. (this is more or less comparable to Multisurf)  
? Add basic VPP functionality in (far?) future. As stability and resistance is already calculated a start for such a functionality already exits. More refined calculations would be ideal for the (far?) future. 

focus van viewport na precision change

proper offsets
Clipping box
Project straight line but separate X,Y and Z
If possible having non-mirrored parts of the design.
Save nesting of panels
A way to get the shape of bulkheads in the panel development

build lapstrake from round hull
Coordinate entry for the new point before it is added.
OK button (or pressing enter to apply) when changing point coordinates.
Zoom by selecting a viewing rectangle with the mouse pointer.
shade developed panels
Draft as a function of displacement
Manual input of markers
hydrostatics/stability
Ord 0 at the bow
Extrusion dialog can handle imperial input format
Settings of view ports (zoom level and position) as property of the boat.
Additional weights (crew, tanks, engine, etc.)


I have never really mastered the point dialog for many points. Often I manages to click one time to many and all points moves to one single place. 
I have to undo, deselect and select one of the points to be able to move them. A OK/enter to execute changes would remove that problem.
It would be helpful if you set positions for new points before they are added.
I been thinking about the selection of surfaces. Sometimes it has been almost impossible to select the right surface. How does the program 
find witch surface to select if there are overlapping surfaces. I get a feeling that the oldest gets selected most easely. Is that right? 
Could it be changed to the nearest? 
It would save a lot of zooming if the model rotated around the centre of the window (actually maybe the point closest to the axle of viewing 
or similar) rather than the centre of the layer(s) in the 3D view.
Some times the 3D view can be quite distorted even with 200 mm lens. You can see that if you select only runners or runnerfittings as 
visible and zoom all. I assume it has to do with them being far from y=0 since the distortion dissappears if you select more than them. 
An Ortho  3D mode perhaps?